aunt
Why is Dad Xiao here, not Dad?
Auntie doesn't know either.
How are you, Mr. Xiao?
This is the classroom where you used to have classes, right?
Little lady, are you proposing?
Exactly.
Today is our wedding anniversary
I want to take him to recreate the way he proposed to him back then
I see
No wonder Mr. Xiao wanted to show us around the classroom.
I will definitely be in the investment process.
It's not the one who reported this in detail.
Xiaodisusu
Why are you here?
I was just about to ask you
Why did you just come here now?
I went to get supper and came over
And often waiting for you in the classroom
Hurry up
Supper is also available?
Di, I'll go first.
Ah, why are you alone?
What about Xiaoying, he has already left
that
When he told you about the divorce
Sister Hua
Sorry.
I can't get a divorce yet.